[USING] verify full node is connected (#837)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/BitcoinFullNode.md

In the settings specify the local IP address and port, or the tor hidden service .onion of your full node.

![](/SettingsBitcoinCoreRemote.png)

## Verify the full node is connected

There are two ways to confirm that your Wasabi client is connected to your own full node.

> First, in the Wasabi logs, during the download of a block:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, in the Wasabi logs, when downloading a block, you should see `Block acquired from local P2P connection`.
```

> `Block acquired from local P2P connection.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Second, check the connected peers inside your full node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Second, by checking the connected peers inside your full node.
```

> Wasabi will show up as one of the peers while it is downloading a block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In fact, if you've successfully integrated your full node into your Wasabi client, the latter should appear as one of the connected peers while it is downloading a block.
```

> In the Bitcoin Core / Knots GUI, click on `Window -> Peers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check if your Wasabi client is downloading the blocks from your node, you should click on `Window -> Peers' inside your Bitcoin Core / Knots GUI.
```

In the settings specify the local IP address and port, or the tor hidden service .onion of your full node.

![](/SettingsBitcoinCoreRemote.png)

> ## Verify the full node is connected

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Verify that Wasabi is connected to your full node
```

There are two ways to confirm that your Wasabi client is connected to your own full node.

First, in the Wasabi logs.

> When  downloading a block, you should see:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When downloading a block, you should see:
```

`Block acquired from local P2P connection.`

Second, by checking the connected peers inside your full node.
Wasabi will show up as one of the connected peers while it is downloading a block.

> You can check this in the Bitcoin Core / Knots GUI, by clicking on `Window -> Peers`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can check this in the Bitcoin Core / Knots GUI by clicking on `Window -> Peers`.
```

> You can check this in the Bitcoin Core / Knots GUI, by clicking on `Window -> Peers`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can check this in the Bitcoin Core / Knots GUI by clicking on `Window -> Peers`.
```

> During the periode where Wasabi is fetching a block, it will show up in the `User Agent` column.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During the period when Wasabi is fetching a block, it will show up in the `User Agent` column.
```

> Alternatively, you can call the Bitcoin RPC call `bitcoin-cli getpeerinfo` and see the Wasabi client listed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use the Bitcoin RPC call `bitcoin-cli getpeerinfo` and see the Wasabi client listed.
```
